============================================================================
mkfnc70 - README

Version 1.0, 23-Dec-2011

(C) Copyright 2011 Yu Zhang <yu_zhang@ieee.org>
============================================================================


INTRODUCTION
------------

This utility makes Type 1 subfronts and auxiliary files from TrueType
fonts for the CJK package with UTF-8 encoding.  This utility is
designed for running on Linux/UNIX/Mac OS.  To run this utility, the
following applications are needed:

  - Bash
  - awk
  - perl
  - fontforge
  - a TeX distribution


DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL
--------------------

The utility is provided in a single ZIP archive through the
`Downloads' section of the BUPTThesis project at

http://code.google.com/p/buptthesis/downloads/list

The file name of the archive is `mkfnc70-VERSION.zip', where `VERSION'
stands for the version of the utility, e.g., `1.0'.  To install the
utility, simply extract the ZIP archive wherever you want.  One
possible location for installation is $HOME/opt/mkfnc70/.  We denote
this installation path by $PREFIX/.  It means that $PREFIX/README will
lead you to this README file.


USAGE
-----

To use mkfnc70, one needs to prepare an input file which describes

  - the foundry of the font, 
  - the family name to be used with CJK package, and 
  - the path to the TrueType font from which the Type 1 subfonts
    will be made.

To get started, you should make a temporary working directory, say
$WORKDIR/.  In $WORKDIR/, make a copy of the example input file:

cp $PREFIX/fontlist.example $WORKDIR/fontlist

Use your favorite text editor to modify $WORKDIR/fontlist.  Note that
the path to the TrueType font should be either an absolute path or a
path relative to $WORKDIR/.  Then change the directory to $WORKDIR/
and run mkfnc70:

$PREFIX/mkfnc70 fontlist

This command will make Type 1 subfonts and auxiliary files from each
TrueType font listed in the `fontlist'.  All the generated files will
be put in $WORKDIR/texmf/ in TeX directory structure (TDS).  Besides,
an installation script will also be prepared.  If you want to install
the generated subfonts and auxiliary files to your $TEXMFHOME/, you
just need to run

./install

from $WORKDIR/.  Otherwise, you can manually move files under
$WORKDIR/texmf/.  If you install those files by yourself, don't forget
to rebuild ls-R filename databases used by TeX and to update the
default font map files.


REPORT BUGS
-----------

Please send bug reports to <yu_zhang@ieee.org>.
